# Preface

learning the basic of modeling technique is not the same as learning how to use and apply it. Data modeling is particularly complex to learn, because it requires the modeler to gain insights into an organization's nature that do not come easily.

This book is intended to help those analysts who have learned the basics oi data modeling, but who are looking for help in discovering  subtleties and in obtaining the insights required to prepare a good model of a real business, Moreover, the book is intended to help analysts produce models that are easier to read, by virtue of standards of diagram structure and organization.

The book is based on the assumption that the underlying structures of enterprises are similar, or at least that they have similar components. Understanding those similarities gives an analyst a starting model, which can then be massaged and adjusted as necessary to match the specific circumstances of a particular company. This is not to say that all companies' models will look the same. Quite the opposite is true. In your author's experience, no two organizations' models have been identical. On the other hand, widely differing organizations, from government health protection agencies to oil refineries, have many similar components.

An analyst who has these components in his intellectual tool kit is in a good position to grasp quickly what is unique about an enterprise and to draw a data model that both embodies universal truths and specifically represents the business at hand.

