# 2.Data modeling conventions

conventions in an industry are the actions followed by practitioners to insure effective communication and adherence to "good" practices.

in this book,conventions will be shown from three points of view.

1. First,the syntax of a drawing is the set of symbols and labels used to construct it.Each of the data modeling tech in use today can be described in terms of its syntax for representing entities,relationships,attributes,and so forth.
2. Second,rules can be applied to the way these symbols arranged on page.These come from the need to make drawings attractive and easy to follow.these positional conventions are typically less commonly used and less well articulated than are the syntactic conventions.
3. Finally,and this is the subject of this book,we can apply conventions to the way we think about business problems and apply these symbols to represent them.these semantic conventions build upon the syntactic and positional conventions.they recognize that all business share common characteristics,and when we identify these,we can model them in the same way.

## syntactic conventions

this book use the case method notation,devised by richard barker,ian palmer,harry ellis.看图figure2.1

### entities

an entity is a thins of significance about which the organization wishes to hold(which is to say,collect,maintain,and use) info.this may be a tangible thing like a product or a customer,or it may be in intangible thing like transaction or a role.**an entity type is the definition of its entity types.**that is,an entity gets its attributes from the definition of its entity types.entity types are represented by round-cornered rectangles.in figure 2.1,organization,catalogue item,and product,for example,are all entity types.

in recent years,the language of data modeling has evolved from its original definitions.in common usage,the distinction between "entity" and "entity type" has been lost.this book is concerned more with entity types than with specific occurrence of entities.

### subtypes and supertypes

most data modeling tech use round-cornered or square-cornered rectangles to represent entities.

in figure 2.1,catalogue item is a supertype,while product and service are subtypes.

### attributes

one or more attributes describe an entity,and the values of those attributes describe occurrences of the entity.if an entity is a thing of significance about which an enterprise wishes to hold info,then an attribute defines one of these pieces if info held.

attributes are two kinds:descriptor and identifier.

### relationships

the model in figure 2.1 shows relationships between the entities as combinations of solid and dashed lines.

specifically,each relationship sentence is always of the form:

Each
\<first entity\>
must be \<solid half line\>
(or)
may be \<dashed half line\>
\<relationship name\>
one and only one \<no end mark\>
(or)
one or more \<crow's foot\>
\<second entity\>

when naming relationships,the two entities being related will occupy the spaces shown by "\<first entity\>" and "\<second entity\>," above.it's important,then,to select words that can fit "\<relationship name\>" so that the resulting sentence is reasonable.

it does not use verb phrases for relationship names.this is because the verbs in all relationship names are implicitly "to be"("must be" or "may be"),and it is the prepositions and gerunds thar are the grammatical parts of speech that describe relationships themselves.**Relationships are contain in words like "in" or "above",not in words like "has" or "orders"**.Verbs denote action-which is to say functions-not relationships.

+ in this book,attributes are shown on entities in many of the diagrams-in all cases preceded by a period.in fact the correct case method notation is precede the attribute is optional,a solid dot if it's mandatory,or a number sigh if it's part of the entity's unique identifier.
+ in case method,a short line across a relationship line near one of entities may be added to show that the relationship is part of that entity's unique identifier.in this book,this is not done.

in this book,however,we are mostly concerned with whether we have identified the right entities and whether the are properly linked.issues of unique identifiers and the mandatoriness of attributes come up later in the analysis process,and don't have to be taken into account as the data model is first drawn.**this is not to suggest that the info should not be gathered,bus success in analysis depends on collection info in the right order.in order to maintain perspective,it's important to begin by capturing general concepts and then filling in details as you go along.a common failing among analysis is to become so bogged down with details as to lose sight of what is to be accomplished**

## positional conventions

**the next level of convention concerns how the symbols of a model(as defined in syntactic conventions)are organized.**many analysts show no organization at all,placing entities randomly on a page.perhaps some effort is made to minimize the crossing of lines,but otherwise there is often no pattern to the arrangement of the model elements.figure 2.2 shows an example of a randomly arranged data model.

as an alternative,the casemethod tech orients entities so that the "toes" of a relationship's crow's feet(>-) always point to the left and the top of diagram.this has the effect of putting entities representing tangible objects in the lower right area of the diagram,and putting those representing the less tangible roles,interactions,and transactions in the upper left.figure 2.3 shows the same models as that show in figure 2.2 arranged according to this positional rule.

the approach in figure 2.3 has several benefits:

1. first,by knowing that diff kinds of entities are in diff parts of the model,someone who has never seen the model,but who knows the conventions,will still able to get some idea of what it is about.from the model's overall organization,even the most casual observer can get a sense of its topic and contents.in figure 2.3,the basic reference data describe VARIABLES,TEST TYPES,PEOPLE,SAMPLES,while the transactions are TEST,EXPECTED MEASUREMENTS,MEASUREMENTS.this placements of entities make it clear that the diagram is about the test conducted on samples,and the results of those tests.this is not immediately obvious in figure 2.2.note the ordered drawing in figure 2.3 also suggests a parallel structure between the two kinds of measurements-EXPECTED MEASUREMENT and MEASUREMENT.
2. a second benefit of following a positional convention is that doing so makes patterns easier to see.these patterns become candidates for consolidation of entities,as we shall see in subsequent chapters.the laboratory example shown in figure 2.3 is an example of a recurring pattern-one that chapter eight discusses more fully,and that recurs in chapters ten and eleven.

**the most important of these says:Keep your lines straight!**it is usually possible to stretch entity boxes and position them so that it is not necessary to add elbows by bending the relationship lines.in the worst case,you may have to use a diagonal line,but this can actually add interest to the drawing.

in short,crossed lines do not affect readability nearly as much as do bent lines or randomly placed entities.

## semantic conventions

now that we have defined the symbols and,in general,organized them on the page,the third level of convention-the subject of this book-consists of modeling similar business situations in similar ways.

two problems with data modeling as it is practiced today:

1. models are often difficult to read
2. they often don't describe that which is truly fundamental to a business.

semantic conventions can be defined at two levels:

+ in terms of the organization as a whole,similar business situations can be modeled the same way.
+ within these models,certain configurations are common.

for example,a company may be composed of divisions,each of which may be composed of departments,each of which may be composed of groups.company,division,department,and group are but special examples,however,of the more general organization,each organization may be composed one or more other organizations.Each organization,in turn,must be an example of one and only one organization type,that define(in data) if it's
a "division","group" or what ever.

in this model,it has fewer components,and it leaves room for the company to define new groupings sometimes in the future and encompass organizations not considered before.

but,a group,department,division,or company may not be part of itself.and in the organization,these business rule cannot be expressed.

the second constraint(division may not be part of departments) can be partially addressed by adding the entity organization type.

each organization must be an example of exactly one organization type,and the organization type also has a structure("each organization type may be composed of one or more organization types").Even that,however,does not show(and this modeling approach  dose not have syntax to show)that the part of relationship in organization must be consistent with the part of relationship in organization type.

this limitation of the more general model can be addressed by explicitly documenting such business rules outside the model.

Note that the closer you get into identifying what is basic to a particular business,the closer you are to identifying what is basic to business in general.



